Floating mesh documentation (#547)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/dem/floating_mesh.rst

Floating Mesh (Solid Objects)
--------------------------------------
Floating meshes (solid objects) are finite (limited) auxiliary objects that can be stationary or moving. Rotating impellers, sliding surfaces, and finite stoppers are examples of floating meshes. Note that the main differences between floating meshes and floating walls are: 1. floating wall is a surface, while a floating mesh can be a volume or a plane; 2. floating wall is infinite, while floating mesh is finite; 3. floating wall is stationary while floating mesh may be stationary or moving.

.. note:: 

>     Solid objects (floating meshes) in Lethe have to be defined using triangular (simplex) meshes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    At the moment, solid objects (floating meshes) in Lethe have to be defined using triangular (simplex) meshes. Only triangular 2D meshes of 3D surfaces in the dem_3d solver are presently supported. Quadrilateral 2D meshes of 3D surfaces and 1D mesh of 2D surfaces are not supported at the moment. 
```

Author: applied.

> This subsection explains the solid objects (floating meshes) information. First of all, the ``number of solids`` is specified. Then for each solid object, we need a ``mesh`` subsection. In these subsections, the ``type``, ``initial refinement``, and other properties of the objects are defined. Note that ``simplex`` must be ``true`` for all the objects, since the solid objects are defined using simplex meshes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This subsection explains the solid objects (floating meshes) information. First of all, the ``number of solids`` is specified. Then, for each solid object,  a ``mesh`` subsection must be included. In these subsections, the ``type``, ``initial refinement``, and other properties of the objects are defined. Note that ``simplex`` must be ``true`` for all the objects, since the solid objects are defined using simplex meshes.
```

> This subsection explains the solid objects (floating meshes) information. First of all, the ``number of solids`` is specified. Then for each solid object, we need a ``mesh`` subsection. In these subsections, the ``type``, ``initial refinement``, and other properties of the objects are defined. Note that ``simplex`` must be ``true`` for all the objects, since the solid objects are defined using simplex meshes.

Reviewer 2: I would combine the content of the note with the previous note to lighten the text

Author: It is the most important point, and I used a note to highlight it.

> This subsection explains the solid objects (floating meshes) information. First of all, the ``number of solids`` is specified. Then for each solid object, we need a ``mesh`` subsection. In these subsections, the ``type``, ``initial refinement``, and other properties of the objects are defined. Note that ``simplex`` must be ``true`` for all the objects, since the solid objects are defined using simplex meshes.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this paragraph could include a link to the mesh parameter page

Author: Done

> This subsection explains the solid objects (floating meshes) information. First of all, the ``number of solids`` is specified. Then for each solid object, we need a ``mesh`` subsection. In these subsections, the ``type``, ``initial refinement``, and other properties of the objects are defined. Note that ``simplex`` must be ``true`` for all the objects, since the solid objects are defined using simplex meshes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This subsection explains the solid objects (floating meshes) information. First of all, the ``number of solids`` is specified. Then for each solid object, we need a ``mesh`` subsection. In these subsections, the ``type``, ``initial refinement``, and other properties of the objects are defined. Note that ``simplex`` must be ``true`` for all the objects since the solid objects are defined using simplex meshes.
```

.. code-block:: text

 subsection floating walls
  # Total number of floating walls
    set number of solids  = 1
      subsection  solid object 0
        subsection mesh
            set type                = gmsh
            set file name           = none
            set simplex             = true
            set initial refinement  = 0
        end
    
        subsection translational velocity
            set Function expression = 0 ; 0 ; 0
        end

        subsection angular velocity

>         	    set Function expression = 0 ; 0 ; 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     set Function expression = 0 ; 0 ; 0
```

        end 

        subsection center of rotation
            # X COR
            set x = 0
            # Y COR
            set y = 0
            # Z COR
            set z = 0
        end
    end
 end

> * ``number of solids`` parameter defines the total number of floating meshes we wish to use during the simulation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``number of solids`` parameter defines the total number of floating meshes to be used during the simulation.
```

Reviewer 3: I think the original version by Shahab is better, since it is active voice.

Author: Thank you both, but I think I will keep the active voice. :)

> * ``number of solids`` parameter defines the total number of floating meshes we wish to use during the simulation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The ``number of solids`` parameter defines the total number of floating meshes we wish to use during the simulation.
```

> * For each floating mesh, we need a separate subsection (for instance 	``subsection solid object 0``) in which the information of the floating mesh (``type``, ``file name``, ``initial refinement``) is defined.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For each floating mesh, we need a separate subsection (for instance , ``subsection solid object 0``) in which the information of the floating mesh (``type``, ``file name``, ``initial refinement``) is defined.
```
